Rodan illustrated this book for children
it's called the serious goose it is all
of the money I make from the sale of a
book goes to Children's Hospital here in
LA and children's hospitals across
America unlike Donald Trump jr. I can't
get my father doesn't get the Republican
National Committee to buy all the copies
of my book so I need you for that it is
available everywhere you buy books and
you get a signed copy if you want it at
the serious boost com our first guest
tonight is a very fine young actor and
friendly neighborhood Avenger who
contributes his vocal chords to a new
pigeon adventure film spies in disguise
opens in theaters Christmas Day please
welcome Tom Holland
[Applause]
[Music]
it's good to have you about yeah it's
good to be back I've been in Cleveland
for two months so it's good to be back
you've been in Cleveland for two months
yeah I've been shooting a movie with the
Russo brothers oh that's right you did
the Avengers with them but this is not a
superhero related movies is very not a
superhero Aryan artistry related movie
yeah drug movie yeah but it's going
amazing it's been a really strange
experience for me because I've been
doing this stupid everything for a while
now huh and now I'm doing heroin not
actually but it's going really well it
is going well and your u-joint being in
Cleveland
I love Cleveland do you think
Cleveland's great you know Cleveland is
an underrated city for some reason
someone decided every time we make fun
of a city in America it's going to be
Cleveland yeah and it's stuck I don't
know how it happened but it just kind of
stuck but you're enjoying it there I
really like it there well you do there
what do you do for fun well Joe and
Anthony of from Cleveland so that big
Browns fans gotcha so they've been
taking us to the Browns games and ever
since we've been going they they started
winning we'd see yeah so you didn't go
over this weekend did they lose yeah
they lost yeah yeah
so would you consider yourself to be a
Browns fan now absolutely yeah is he
funny my brother and I we don't
understand the rules uh-huh
so we just been sitting there drinking
but we had a menu and we like we came up
with our own version of how they should
play the game Oh
and it it didn't work it didn't work no
you know it's funny because Henry Cavill
was here last night and he was talking
about who he loves the Kansas City
Chiefs and the reason he loves the
Kansas City Chiefs is because Superman
is from Kansas and he figured Superman
would like the Chiefs and he's now made
that his real team and now you and now I
feel like every team should have a
superhero associated with it so the
Browns get spider-man Chiefs get
Superman
well the Patriots already have Captain
America because this is all right big
Patriots fan Pratt likes the Rams no see
I don't know I think he likes I know he
likes the Seahawks that's right that
doesn't work talk I should like to see
Hawks
oh this could be fun yeah would Ironman
like the Steelers or would iron our iron
and steel rivals in a way I don't know
this is about as much football talk as
I've ever had so dolphins Aquaman yes
yes yes opens actually came to London to
play when I was a kid and they got
spanked they did and did that make you
not like them you're like oh those guys
suck those we don't understand the sport
I understand why they kept stopping yeah
we stopped well we stopped the
commercials is the real truth in the
matter yeah right you guys don't stop
for commercials not really no not really
yeah well that's very interesting yeah
so now you mentioned your brother is
your brother here with you tonight he's
backstage a he's hey I met your brother
the last time he as you know I'm always
curious as what the brother cuz he works
for you well I really work for him if
I'm on it
we just said well when we just out we're
trying to set up a company a production
company together and we've been writing
a script together okay and I work for
him I see yes he works with you is that
fair to say no I work for you were
for if Harry wasn't in my life I
wouldn't have made it here tonight why
do you say that he's whatever because
I'm just stupid and he has to tell me
where to go good time so he leads you
he's your Shepherd in a way yes actually
does he ever come and say hey I'd like
to I'd like a race and then do you have
to think about did you have other
brothers applying for the job did you
interview him obviously my brother Sam
this is funny my brother Sam is training
to be a chef right now oh he is
I'm spider-man to the studio were like
would you like a chef I was like yeah
but I'll find my own one do you ringing
everybody everyone yeah that's kind of
what happens here too yeah we're writing
a script and it starts with like 20
minutes of arguing mm-hmm then like ten
minutes of productive work and then we
won't speak for two days can you say
what you're right are you writing is it
about brothers not well I never
I guess it's based on a book and a book
that we were in love with his kids oh
we've been really lucky to acquire the
rights in some ways it Harry Potter cuz
that's popular really yes we can talk
about what it is okay okay but writing
is hard yeah it's terrible it's the
worst thing in the world tough yeah I
don't know how you do it it is it is
excruciating all right we're gonna take
a break Oh your brother just quit yeah
Tom Holland is he really like that it's
okay buddy hey it's okay don't you worry
your good friend Walters
oh of course I'm disoriented look at you
I can't not look at you Walter I can see
my butt and your face at the same time
that's so cool familiar voices Will
Smith is did you have fun working with
Will Smith never met him for real
no I sure have I just met him we were
doing press earlier but we've been
working together today yeah for the
first time oh wow
we've been doing we've been working
together for two and a half years and I
just met him that's the crazy thing
about these animated movies it's crazy I
feel like I know him I felt like you got
cheated too because he's a lot of fun
Will Smith I know Annie plays golf yeah
he's a golfer and he was The Fresh
Prince are you aware of that's true
today you saw that yeah how could you
ever see that show yes I don't think
you'll mind if you have it but if you
really want to establish relationship
I'd start by watching all the episodes
of the entire show yeah so maybe a
couple the Army has in like two hours
well you got plenty of you can't jam it
in I'll be fine you can binge watch it
you uh how old were you when you're in
your first movie the movie with Naomi
Watts what was that movie yeah I would
have been about 13 14 13 or 14 yeah did
you ever at any time consider doing
something else for a living
I didn't but my parents did my mom I
went through a phase in my career where
like I was too old to play a child but
too young to play a teenager it took me
a long time to grow up and my mom
decided to send me to carpentry school
really so uh she like packed my bags up
she shipped me off to Cardiff in Wales
and I like rented a room off this lady
in shared a room with her son for like
eight weeks this was after you made the
movie this was after I felt like I was
doing pretty good
was like no so yeah so I went to this
school and I was there and I was
studying and I was like getting a
qualification to become a carpenter and
the crazy thing about the the course was
is this for people who were trying to
turn their lives around you know there's
a lot of ex-cons there's like some tough
people in there yeah woodworking and
that rule like swapping stories and
stuff and then I'm like yeah this is
once I once set my coffee was cold man
really and now I didn't finish the
course can you build are you capable as
far as carpentry goes yeah I'm pretty
capable oh my mom's side of the family
are all carpenters my granddad told me
when I was young
oh he did so like I built my mom's
kitchen table I don't like a little
cabinet in her kitchen I fixed a
friend's door once yeah this is pretty
impressive Wow you built is it a good
table like does she sell no but it's
like it's like 10 years old and it's
still that it's still there yeah and it
looks good it looks great oh it's bowing
a little bit uh-huh you had this in you
I'm impressed by this Wow
it's your honesty and last time Bob Iger
was here Bob Iger is the CEO of Disney
Corporation
he runs ABC our network he runs Marvel
he runs a lever everything real yes he
was telling us a story about of course
we most of us who care know that at one
time Sony which owns the rights to
spider-man was pulling spider-man out of
the Marvel Universe and that was
terrible and you somehow according to
Bob smooth that over is that correct
sort of sorta I wouldn't say it was
entirely my doing
what was your doing I saved spider-man
you know I did
we were over at d23 which is the big
Disney convention and the news would
come out and I was obviously devastated
I was really upset and all my Marvel
friends were there and they were taking
like Marvel pictures and I was like you
were excluded from just like a big yeah
it was the best but anyway I asked if I
could get Bob's
email cuz I just wanted to say thank you
I just wanted to say this has been an
amazing five years of my life thank you
for changing my life in the best way and
I hope that we can work together in the
future
and I got his email I sent him the email
and then he responded very quickly
saying I'd love to jump on the phone
with you at some point when are you free
and you don't give Bob Iger like a
schedule you're like whenever Bob so
like two three days go by and then my
family and I went to the pub quiz in our
local like town Oh like the night of
trivia yeah we're doing we're doing it
the quiz okay and I'm like three pints
in haven't eaten much and I get a phone
call from an unknown number and I'm have
a feeling I think this is Bob Iger but
I'm drunk so I answer the call hey Bob
actually I'm really glad you're cool
what was the question
when did Snow White come out for 94-94
right bad well I basically just said
thank you for the opportunity and then
he said there is a world in where we can
make this work and then there was a
bunch of phone calls back and forth from
Tom Razvi and he was really instrumental
in the process and and and it was really
interesting for me to have these two
like studio heads like what do you think
uh-huh yeah it was like a custody
arrangement in a way yeah but Bob's I
think Bob said you cried on the phone is
that oh wait you did you really I didn't
we I did you did a little bit
yeah I was really emotional
uh-huh because I felt like it was all
coming to it I it was it was bad news it
really was bad news so we I don't know
we had a really good plan with what we
were gonna do with Sony the future of
spider-man was still very bright uh-huh
but it would have been ashamed to take
him out the MCU you know that's where he
belongs and we've built such a strong
character in that world and it would
have been a shame to lose that but I'm
just really glad that we my I'm really
glad you got drunk and got on the phone
with Bob Wow it's weird the way things
work out is it yeah well it's great to
see you thank you for always coming by
Tom Holland everybody
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and illustrated it all the
money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country so you know
what to do